# Go API client for client

Moov ACH ([Automated Clearing House](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automated_Clearing_House)) implements an HTTP API for creating, parsing and validating ACH files. ACH is the primary method of electronic money movement throughout the United States.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: v1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://github.com/moov-io/ach](https://github.com/moov-io/ach)

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
go get github.com/antihax/optional
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import "./client"
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:8080*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ACHFilesApi* | [**AddBatchToFile**](docs/ACHFilesApi.md#addbatchtofile) | **Post** /files/{fileID}/batches | Add Batch to File
*ACHFilesApi* | [**CreateFile**](docs/ACHFilesApi.md#createfile) | **Post** /files/create | Create a new File object
*ACHFilesApi* | [**DeleteACHFile**](docs/ACHFilesApi.md#deleteachfile) | **Delete** /files/{fileID} | Permanently deletes a File and associated Batches. It cannot be undone.
*ACHFilesApi* | [**DeleteFileBatch**](docs/ACHFilesApi.md#deletefilebatch) | **Delete** /files/{fileID}/batches/{batchID} | Delete a Batch from a File
*ACHFilesApi* | [**FlattenFile**](docs/ACHFilesApi.md#flattenfile) | **Post** /files/{fileID}/flatten | Create a new file object
*ACHFilesApi* | [**GetFileBatch**](docs/ACHFilesApi.md#getfilebatch) | **Get** /files/{fileID}/batches/{batchID} | Get a specific Batch on a FIle
*ACHFilesApi* | [**GetFileBatches**](docs/ACHFilesApi.md#getfilebatches) | **Get** /files/{fileID}/batches | Get the batches on a File.
*ACHFilesApi* | [**GetFileByID**](docs/ACHFilesApi.md#getfilebyid) | **Get** /files/{fileID} | Retrieves the details of an existing File. You need only supply the unique File identifier that was returned upon creation.
*ACHFilesApi* | [**GetFileContents**](docs/ACHFilesApi.md#getfilecontents) | **Get** /files/{fileID}/contents | Assembles the existing file (batches and controls) records, computes sequence numbers and totals. Returns plaintext file.
*ACHFilesApi* | [**GetFiles**](docs/ACHFilesApi.md#getfiles) | **Get** /files | Gets a list of Files
*ACHFilesApi* | [**Ping**](docs/ACHFilesApi.md#ping) | **Get** /ping | Ping the ACH service to check if running
*ACHFilesApi* | [**SegmentFile**](docs/ACHFilesApi.md#segmentfile) | **Post** /files/{fileID}/segment | Create a new file object
*ACHFilesApi* | [**UpdateFile**](docs/ACHFilesApi.md#updatefile) | **Post** /files/{fileID} | Updates the specified File Header by setting the values of the parameters passed. Any parameters not provided will be left unchanged.
*ACHFilesApi* | [**ValidateFile**](docs/ACHFilesApi.md#validatefile) | **Get** /files/{fileID}/validate | Validates the existing file. You need only supply the unique File identifier that was returned upon creation.


## Documentation For Models

 - [Addendum](docs/Addendum.md)
 - [Batch](docs/Batch.md)
 - [BatchControl](docs/BatchControl.md)
 - [BatchHeader](docs/BatchHeader.md)
 - [CreateFile](docs/CreateFile.md)
 - [EntryDetail](docs/EntryDetail.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [File](docs/File.md)
 - [FileControl](docs/FileControl.md)
 - [FileHeader](docs/FileHeader.md)
 - [IatBatch](docs/IatBatch.md)
 - [IatBatchHeader](docs/IatBatchHeader.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author



